somewhere out by the parking lot there's a SUDDEN FEELING once forgot and you want to remember me with a taste of hidden sudden feeling. oh i know i never wanted to be all of the things that i say all of the things i don't mean unless you say you want me to. the other day is breaking me down and all that i have is right here right now alone in my room with nothing to do

hints of things you said to me and all the ones i imagined clearly mean nothing but underlying themes. standing in a FRACTURED AWNING thinking hard but acting softly i forget that i'm a person too. sustenance that boils slowly underneath what's good and holy undermining what is good for you. promise me that one day i will reupholster my one body and giving up can make you stronger too

i know i am not supposed to live like this like i dont exist like i dont need this like we know we are not supposed to live like this like this meaning fits like OKAY IS BLISS. but i don't know what i am meant to be what this really means and what i know is really me. the people that i used to care about they seem indifferent now and i don't know if that's okay

smoking marijuana outside your parents home in the summer of 20 something. looking out my window at the stumbling on the path outside. oh? unread messages in my inbox can i clear them out? fuck you and your stupid FRIENDS that you're too afraid to care about

slept too much fading away all day i told you it's harder than it looks you know me tell me the same damn thing are you sure? you can't take this one back. tried too much got IN THE WAY all day i gave up try to forgive me but you're too much i handle nothing well what's your luck? i'm never doing much

POISON of body and poison of mind are the same and my name is hardly any different in the way you say it if we're being honest i cannot relate to the stupid shit you do. i never thought i'd respawn all the things i've done wrong my heart was in the right place but my head was in the wrong one good intentions can't replace what's off

you called an UBER HOME at 11 fucked off before you even tried to fit in don't listen when they say you would've missed it tell me it's nothing like you know i can't stop myself from wasting time but this is different all i used to be so used to caught up with me take it from me

wooden grain and airwaves they touch me and they fuck me up i know that this won't last as long as i've learned that i need it to. broken spoon the hollow moon has relieved me of my ability to see things in the way that makes it possible to breathe in time. what's the point of sticking out or fitting in UNTHINKING THINGS will never happen and you will always be chameleon unfit. microwaves and lack of pain the broken circuitry is all that remains between your head and any other head that you might wander into